README.md, before:

Hey everyone; Welcome to kidspiration!!

KidSpiration is a project borne out of my love for kids and a desire to see children grow up to be motivated Adults filled with kindness. This was built as my final Portfolio project on my ALX Software engineering Journey. It is my desire that as I improve on the quality and features in the future, parents; especially African parents would put in more efort into commendation than punishent as seen in African cultures.
It is a nextJs project created with 'create-next App'.

TECHNOLOGIES USED:
  - NextJs
  
  - Github(Version Control System
  
Various Dependencies and Libraries installed included (but inexhaustive);
    - NodeJs, flowbite,@fontsource/geist-mono",
    - @mdi/js
   -  @mdi/react"
    - flowbite-react
    -Formik, react-dom,
    -yup amongst others.

DATABASE AND AUTH;

KidSpiration is mainly a Dynamic Frontend App. I utilized a local JSON file as a lightweight database to store and manage user data. This approach allowed for rapid prototyping and simplified the development process by eliminating the need for a separate backend server or a more complex database system.

For authentication, I implemented a basic local authentication mechanism. User credentials (username and password) are stored within the JSON file.

DEPLOYMENT:
This project was deployed to Vercel.
PS: I am still an amateur and I am open to collaboration and 'brain-storming ideas' from people who share in this vison.

To access the kidspiration web-page; click on this link. https://kidspiration-nine.vercel.app

Thank you for reading this far friends..

Commit message:

Update README..md file. this is to ensure that al the esteemed people who visit my github understands that this as a backup repository to enable me deploy to vercel.

README.md, after:

Hey everyone; Welcome to kidspiration!!

KidSpiration is a project borne out of my love for kids and a desire to see children grow up to be motivated Adults filled with kindness. This was built as my final Portfolio project on my ALX Software engineering Journey. It is my desire that as I improve on the quality and features in the future, parents; especially African parents would put in more efort into commendation than punishent as seen in African cultures.
It is a nextJs project created with 'create-next App'.

TECHNOLOGIES USED:
  - NextJs
  
  - Github(Version Control System
  
Various Dependencies and Libraries installed included (but inexhaustive);
    - NodeJs, flowbite,@fontsource/geist-mono",
    - @mdi/js
   -  @mdi/react"
    - flowbite-react
    -Formik, react-dom,
    -yup amongst others.

DATABASE AND AUTH;

KidSpiration is mainly a Dynamic Frontend App. I utilized a local JSON file as a lightweight database to store and manage user data. This approach allowed for rapid prototyping and simplified the development process by eliminating the need for a separate backend server or a more complex database system.

For authentication, I implemented a basic local authentication mechanism. User credentials (username and password) are stored within the JSON file.

DEPLOYMENT:
This project was deployed to Vercel.
PS: I am still an amateur and I am open to collaboration and 'brain-storming ideas' from people who share in this vison.

To access the kidspiration web-page; click on this link. https://kidspiration-nine.vercel.app

Thank you for reading this far friends.. Please note: 
Vercel requires a direct access to the project repository before deloyment, however I created a parent folder before creating the project folder (kidspiration).
To fix this, I created a new-kidspiration folder and imported the same codes. This can be seen on https://github.com/Deebee-e/new-kidspiration.git
